it was the last time you went to the
track look I used to drink I used to do
drugs I stopped you don't think it's
destructive I've already quit enough
stuff are you at the track Laurie no I'm
not gambling my sister called some kind
of family emergency
they're killing each other okay you
can't kill anybody with an air pistol
you don't nervous around gun guns in the
hands of third graders they're having
trouble with Amanda she's in Las Vegas
she's working as a prostitute I mean my
20 year old niece is working as a hooker
get in the car
Karen wants to get a minute in rehab
through these you gambling I haven't
gambled one penny all dates don't come
home
I'm going to find Amanda and I'm gonna
take her to rehab and while I'm in Las
Vegas I'm not gonna gamble one cent
first race at Belmont was hoping I find
some company I don't kiss I don't call
you sweetheart darling I'm looking for a
girl I can't get over it the hooker damn
are you okay
I took a pole dancing seminar with the
local community college this is
whisperer hello it's for Ann Marie
osmre ruling yeah didn't Billy
they're all about the money they don't
care about this the relationship hey
look at you look at how hot you are my
eyebrows are almost burnt off this is
what I have with him well that looks
like what we have no no look at this do
something goes wrong way look it's me
giving giving we need to talk this is
perfect is you telling me to go to rehab
Cheers why is that so strange I know
about your gambling problem I'm down
sixty thousand sixty-two busted this is
my knees my knees oh really
never heard that one before I really am
her uncle we had such a good time I gave
you an extra fifty you're better than
your life Amanda let me actually think
that I'm doing something good I can do
one good thing maybe I can string a few
together
[Music]
and there's big
you're kicking me out yeah that's what
I'm doing what about this call security
dispatch just tried to attack
[Music]